---
title: "Colour"
---

I'd like some more colour around me. My apartment's insides are white, the lights are white, the building where it's housed is white, my keyboard and mouse are white, nearly all the cars I share the roads with are white, the cutlery I eat from is white, the tables I eat on are white, the cups I drink from are white, the slab I prepare my coffee on is white, the flowers growing in my building's gardens are white, the dial of my watch is white, it's all very well-made and classy and perfect and muted and understated, and I'd like something bold enough in this world to scream for attention, please, I was watching this film the other day, it was beautiful, and I only watched five minutes or so of it because I had to go to this lovely little French cafe near my apartment for dinner and the cafe was white-walled, of course, with black-and-white paintings framed in white decorating those white walls that look over the white chairs on the white tiles and we've already spoken about the travesty of the white tables, which brings me back to this film, it was beautiful, and I'd decided it was beautiful while the starting credits were rolling because every single page of those credits was a brave colour of conviction, first an edible orange and then a drowning blue and then a yawning green, and I won't lie, you would probably hurt your eyes if you looked at it for too long, but it was beautiful because it meant that someone had noticed and then tried, and I did that today too, AT had to buy a new badminton racquet and he wanted to take me along, and so along I was taken, and I helped him pick out a dark red racquet with neon pink strings and a flourescent yellow grip, and it was distractingly beautiful to the point of being a competitive advantage on court, and it felt good. It felt really good. Picking colours for the objects around us, and others trusting you enough to do that for the objects around them, feels really good. 

I know, I know. There are bigger problems. Literally every problem is bigger than this not-really-a-problem. I understand and agree. I'd still like some more colour around me. 
