---
title: "Living"
location: "Pittsburgh, PA"
# published: false
---

I prefer not to use Twitter because I don't like my mundane little thoughts competing with The Big Things that matter in the world.

This is basically an equivalent of a Twitter page. "Posts" are arranged in reverse chronological order.

- i think i should grow a moustache.

- thinking of a "reminders" list where i basically just write down little phrases i come across that remind me of someone or someplace. i suppose i like making lists.

- put a bookshelf together! problem solved. everyone pat me on the back. 

- i need to make my room feel softer somehow. hmmm. think kakar think. 

- i need to learn how to make a _proper_ cappuccino. wait is that how you spell it? oh yes it is, just googled it. genius.

- i miss having a bluetooth speaker. 

- it's snowing outside, and i mean, i can see tires digging into snow now. this is really pretty, and kinda terrifying because i haven't bothered to get snow boots yet. gulp. 

- talking to a friend and realizing that there's likely a finite amount of time left before we can no longer have this kind of conversation with them.

- i think i'll work in the library this weekend. i'll also return my book and then i'll pick up something else.

- there's no f1 this weekend. that's disappointing. i like the sounds of fast cars etc but i really just like to watch max do his job; that guy just pulls these performances out of nowhere and it makes me feel hopeful. i imagine the last driver to make people feel this way was michael?

- got an email from the local library asking me to return the book i'd borrowed. it was an okay book (the crack-up by fitzgerald). i just like being part of a library. don't get me wrong - blossoms in bangalore is good and champaca is beautiful (these are *not* the same thing; going to champaca is the gold standard of performative reading but you do need that sometimes) but they cannot compare with a real, proper, massive, organized, stone-building-with-computers-on-every-floor library. it's free for me, but honestly, i'd pay for it even on my do-i-really-need-a-dining-table student budget.

- okay so i love this exercise. i'm just going to keep this editor open forever. maybe i should hook it up to my github so it's really just super-live - as in if someone were on the website at the same time as me, they'd see each character being typed out! that would be cool but what if i like make a silly spelling error. oh well.
either way, i think it's nice to offload some storage from my brain.

- no wait there's some maintenance issues in my apartment. will not describe them because they're kinda ew. thought about calling someone, but i don't know if it's me suddenly becoming shy or the air of self-drive that surrounds me here, but i think i'll do it myself. if i need a part, i'll walk over to a hardware store and buy it myself, and then i'll learn how to fix things, and then i'll fix the thing.

- don't really feel like going out today. will probably stay in and just do some fall cleaning (is that a thing?).