---
title: "Trashcan"
published: true
categories: about
---

Contrary to what you may imagine when you look at the homepage, I actually write a fair bit. I just hit delete even more often. It's not that it's always _trash_ trash - I'd like to think I can do a little bit better than a 0% success rate when it comes to something I do enjoy even if it is a bit annoyingly narcissistic - it's that I'll go back and review something I'd written maybe a week ago and I will have lived a little more since then and will therefore find that piece childish or blindingly obvious or just plain naive. However, an insistence on the _artistic_ quality of a website literally named after me and one that precious few care about does not allow for me to share all too much, and as much as 19-year-old Kakar would hate me for admitting this, I do like to share what I do outside of work. Sometimes that doesn't even involve computers!

This is a bunch of stuff I would have deleted if not for this page. That's not to say any of it is necessarily good, but it just feels nice to give it some space anyway. Maybe it'll get a second chance. 

### September 20, 2021

Birds are competitive creatures by nature. They show both interspecific and intraspecific tensions when fighting over the same finite resources. _redacted redacted redacted redacted redacted_. Honestly, one wonders why they even bother, but to each their own. The point of bringing up this fairly arbitrary observation that is, at best, a gross generalisation dreamed up by Yours Truly after listening to a mildly agreeable song, is to provide for a very clumsy introduction to the setting of our first scene, wherein we'll say that some birds were perched atop the grill separating the main stretch of grey from the thinner stretch of darker grey that was bordered by twenty neatly lined massive unclean nests, and we'll hope that you, in your generosity and unlimited forgiving capacity as a reader, surmise that it's because birds, being competitive creatures by nature, were interested in the competition that was being prepared by their two-legged featherless friends who always made a lot of noise and had a love-hate relationship with the frankly rather unclean Pigeon family. Perhaps they couldn't smell very well.

_reading this after a while and it is an annoyingly dense word dump. at least i didn't lie about my motivations though. the only reason birds were brought up because i was listening to this lovely song about birds not singing._

_it's not exactly the same date, but i found an alternate version of this on my laptop which i think is a little less wordbro, if that's a thing. probably is._

It was surprising how the birds chose to look on. Tiptoeing around on the edge
of the garage roofs, they cocked their heads to one side and waited patiently
for the cars revving underneath to take off. Occasionally, one of them would
get bored and choose to preen itself, but they all stayed. Maybe they
understood. Birds understand competition, don't they? All the bright feathers
and claws and beaks and dancing around in the rain? They would sympathise,
I think. They would understand why the man grinning in the pink helmet below
them was an absolute bucketload of joy today. 
